Mom, don't be angry, okay?
That's enough!
You girl
Why I was bullied and didn't tell you
In fact, what am I actually
You want to say good things to the Song family again, right?
It seems that the mother-in-law really misunderstood
Forget it. I'll leave that out.
Mom, I'm trying to say I know I'm wrong
I know it's been hard for you
Therefore, it is easier to rely on others
But you also have to be clear about whether some people are worth it or not
Mom, don't be angry.
I will listen to you from now on
And the names of the Nanfeng sisters
How dare I leave you alone so irresponsible
I'll take care of him when he comes back
In fact, he is not for me
Qianqian, you called off the engagement at that time
Is it just an impulse?
Why don't you think about my next life again?
What? You're in the hospital?
I'll be right over